1. Cant add employee, unauthorized access - For Testing
2. forgot password on login form - System Administrator should be the one to Reset Password of User to NIA2025
3. no user dashboard, gusto ko i try if may ara na para sa users
4. cant add employee leave
5. salary structure buttons (export,print) no function
6. showing error on auto increment structure when i run code
7. cant add criteria for regularization, processing loading
8. pag mag add ko halimbawa sa payroll naga refresh ang whole system then ga balik sa index which is dashboard then wala naga add
9. on payroll management, inside payroll periods, ang mga buttons sa kada payroll naga same na pag i click balik dashboard lang
10. dtr card, upload dtr card cannot upload
11. can add other data like performance review but redirects to dashboard after adding
12. ga show sa user manager kaso di maka login dili pud ma edit ang passwords sa users

Fixed
1. Unable to add employee – system shows “unauthorized access” (for testing purposes).
2. “Forgot Password” on the login form: only the System Administrator should be able to reset a user’s password to NIA2025.
3. No user dashboard available – need to test if a dashboard for users already exists.
4. Unable to add employee leave. - FIXED
6. Salary structure buttons (Export, Print) are not functioning. - FIXED
7. Error appears related to auto-increment structure when running the code. - FIXED
8. Cannot add criteria for regularization – process keeps loading indefinitely. - FIXED
9. When adding data (e.g., in payroll), the system refreshes and redirects back to the dashboard (index) without saving the data. - FIXED
10. In Payroll Management → Payroll Periods, all buttons for each payroll behave the same – clicking any of them redirects to the dashboard. - FIXED
11. DTR Card Upload – unable to upload DTR card. - FIXED
12. Can add other data (e.g., Performance Review), but after adding, it redirects to the dashboard. - FIXED
13. Users appear in User Manager, but cannot log in; also, their passwords cannot be edited. - FIXED